README.md, before:

# NexusNet
This repo makes it easier to run the full NexusNet application. 

## How to run (Linux and MacOS)

### 1. Install dependencies
To run as **DOCKER containers locally**, you need to install:
* You need to install `git`, `docker`, `docker compose`, `java` and `maven`.

To run the jar file version or docker version **in AWS**, you need to install:
* You need to install `git`, `docker`, `docker compose`, `java`, `maven` and `terraform`

### 2. Download and compile projects from git repositories using `compile` script

```
bash compile
```

Right now the script fetches the `main` branch. If you like to fetch another branch **from all the projects** just write the branch name as the first argument. If you want to fetch delevop branches use the following command: 

```
bash compile develop
```

If you want to test your custom **local version**, copy your project folder containing usermanager, postmanager, and frontend folders inside the root of this project.

### 3a. Run the project in Docker

```
docker compose up --build
```
* **You will now be able to use the app at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).**

### 3a. Run the project in AWS
Steps:
  1. Install terraform: [Terraform Website](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install)
  2. Run the code in the following order
```
############# SET THE TERRAFORM VARIABLES ##############

export TF_VAR_aws_access_key= <YOUR_AWS_ACCESS_KEY> #Ex: "ABCD1EF2GHQIJ33KLMN4"
export TF_VAR_aws_secret_key= <YOUR_AWS_SECRET_KEY> #Ex: "ABCaDEb0cFdeGHI+1KL2MNfgOhOi+sWDEASSDDA"

############# RUN TERRAFORM COMMANDS ##############
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply -auto-approve

```
3. The changes you may have to make
    1. Go to the `terraform` folder and set your desired variables for 
        1. AWS variables @ 
        2. Frontend @ 
        3. Usermanager @
        4. Postmanager @

* **You will now be able to use the app at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).**


### 4. Reset (if needed)

If you like to update the projects and you feel too lazy to pull them, you can use the `reset` script and then go back to STEP2. **Do not execute this script while in another directory.**

```
bash reset
```

## How to run (Windows)

## Option 1:

Follow the instructions for Linux but use `compile.bat` instead of `compile` and `reset.bat` instead of `reset`.

## Option 2:

The best option right now is to run it in an [emulated bash shell](https://itsfoss.com/install-bash-on-windows/).

## TODO

- [X] Scripts for Windows
- [X] Option to pull main branches

Commit message:

terraform till api setup - needs bux fix for jars - cloudfront

README.md, after:

# NexusNet
This repo makes it easier to run the full NexusNet application. 

## How to run (Linux and MacOS)

### 1. Install dependencies
To run as **DOCKER containers locally**, you need to install:
* You need to install `git`, `docker`, `docker compose`, `java` and `maven`.

To run the jar file version or docker version **in AWS**, you need to install:
* You need to install `git`, `docker`, `docker compose`, `java`, `maven` and `terraform`

### 2. Download and compile projects from git repositories using `compile` script

```
bash compile
```

Right now the script fetches the `main` branch. If you like to fetch another branch **from all the projects** just write the branch name as the first argument. If you want to fetch delevop branches use the following command: 

```
bash compile develop
```

If you want to test your custom **local version**, copy your project folder containing usermanager, postmanager, and frontend folders inside the root of this project.

### 3a. Run the project in Docker

```
docker compose up --build
```
* **You will now be able to use the app at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).**

### 3a. Run the project in AWS
Steps:
  1. Install terraform: [Terraform Website](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install)
  2. Run the code in the following order
```
############# SET THE TERRAFORM VARIABLES ##############

export TF_VAR_aws_access_key= <YOUR_AWS_ACCESS_KEY> #Ex: "ABCD1EF2GHQIJ33KLMN4"
export TF_VAR_aws_secret_key= <YOUR_AWS_SECRET_KEY> #Ex: "ABCaDEb0cFdeGHI+1KL2MNfgOhOi+sWDEASSDDA"

############# RUN TERRAFORM COMMANDS ##############
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply -auto-approve

#once done 
terraform destroy -auto-approve

```
3. The changes you may have to make
    1. Go to the `terraform-jars` folder and set your desired variables for 
        1. AWS variables @ 
        2. Frontend @ 
        3. Usermanager @
        4. Postmanager @

* **You will now be able to use the app in AWs at  [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).**


### 4. Reset (if needed)

If you like to update the projects and you feel too lazy to pull them, you can use the `reset` script and then go back to STEP2. **Do not execute this script while in another directory.**

```
bash reset
```

## How to run (Windows)

## Option 1:

Follow the instructions for Linux but use `compile.bat` instead of `compile` and `reset.bat` instead of `reset`.

## Option 2:

The best option right now is to run it in an [emulated bash shell](https://itsfoss.com/install-bash-on-windows/).

## TODO

- [X] Scripts for Windows
- [X] Option to pull main branches
